bad ideas:
	letting the MMU handle illegal accesses to low 128K of memory - MMU has to sit between processor and memory
	remove pullup on AS - there to prevent spurious memory acceses once bus master is done and CPU has not relinquished control of the bus yet
	having the bootloader print stuff without host initiating communication - bootloader will hang waiting on tx buffer to drain if no host is there... not sure if this is true
	supervisor access only to EEPROM - prevents user from using hardware libs, initial supervisor -> user jump is awkward at best
	having MFP drive IRQ lines directly - if a priority level 2 interrupt and level 1 interrupt fire at the same time, the processor will register a level 3 interrupt.

maybe ideas:
	having an MMU board at all - 68451 chip is kinda hard to find on eBay and pretty expensive too, couldn't find a PLCC package for it

ideas for add-on boards:
	
	NOTE: all add-on boards have to have space for a board to be stacked on top of them, PC104 style
	
	Interface options:
		SPI using the MFP I/O pins - slow, but easier to implement
		External device grabs host memory using DMA (FPGA or CPLD with microcontroller)
			significantly faster
			harder to design
			requires host board modification since the DMA functionality is broken currently
		Dual-ported RAM
			a good idea for video stuff, especially 3D applications
		FIFO chips
			good for ingesting lots of fast data

	Debug card
		all the blinkenlights
		7-seg displays would be cool, have some 4000 series chips driving everything
	User board
		could literally just be some switches and (buffered) LEDs
		switches can be pulled high or low, so a read to unimplemented memory can read in values (drive DTACK high until done)
	Audio board
		could initially just be an op-amp or two connected to a couple lines on the MFP
		could also add seperate voices - if I were to do this it would require external hardware, MFP is pretty limited

what everything does:
	eeprom-config: python tool for writing and reading data to/from EEPROMs
	split: splits a binary file in two
	upload: application code upload to 68k baseboard

MANIFESTO:
	1. Fast.  Or at least faster than most other 68000 boards out there.
	2. Modern (interface).  If something needs to be connected, do it with modern parts.
	3. Extensible.  The board should contain enough to get started, but not enough that it hinders expansion.
	
	68000 / 68010 compatible, technically. 7805 only supplies 1.5A, and 68010 may exceed this limit. 68HC000 won't.
	128K SRAM, 128K EEPROM
	MFP I/O device included
	actual C compiler should be working for this, not BASIC or Forth or anything.  If not C, then only ASM. (see #1)

	goals:
		write a game!
		RC2014 interface?
		make a wall clock
		air quality measurement
		add a GSM module or something - usually UART based!
		some sort of laser thing - laser servo application!
		music - dedicated audio board with an actual amp and everything, have the MFP drive it!
		write some sort of graphics application
	
	measurements:
		board draws ~270mA when active
		at 14MHz (highest clock freq available that works properly) MFP IO switch time is 10us

